Salesforce 10.9 (#1266)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce/10.9/modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce-connector-reference.adoc

| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
|===

[[sfdc-config_config-with-oauth]]
=== OAuth v2.0

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |

> | Login Request Timeout a| Number | Amount of time, in the unit defined in the Login Request Time unit field, for which the consumer waits for the login request to be received before the request times out. This value works in with the Login Request Time unit field value. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Login Request Timeout a| Number | Amount of time, in the unit defined in the Login Request Time unit field, that the consumer waits for the login request to be received before the request times out. This value works in conjunction with the Login Request Time unit field value. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. | |
```

Reviewer: I don't even think this sentence is necessary since you already mentioned the field in the first sentence. I would delete:
This value works in conjunction with the Login Request Time unit field value.

| Callback Path a| String |  The path of the access token callback endpoint |  | x
| Authorize Path a| String |  The path of the local HTTP endpoint that triggers the OAuth dance |  | x
| External Callback Url a| String |  If the callback endpoint is behind a proxy or should be accessed through a non direct URL, use this parameter to tell the OAuth provider the URL it should use to access the callback. |  |
| Object Store a| String |  A reference to the object store that should be used to store each resource owner ID's data. If not specified, runtime will automatically provision the default one. |  |
|===

[[sfdc-config_jwt]]
=== OAuth JWT

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |

> | Login Request Timeout a| Number | Amount of time, in the unit defined in the Login Request Time unit field, for which the consumer waits for the login request to be received before the request times out. This value works in with the Login Request Time unit field value. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. | |

Reviewer: Same as previous comment.

| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
|===

[[sfdc-config_oauth-user-pass]]
=== OAuth Username Password

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |

> | Login Request Timeout a| Number | Amount of time, in the unit defined in the Login Request Time unit field, for which the consumer waits for the login request to be received before the request times out. This value works in with the Login Request Time unit field value. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. | |

Reviewer: Same comment

| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
|===

[[sfdc-config_saml]]
=== OAuth SAML

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |

> | Login Request Timeout a| Number | Amount of time, in the unit defined in the Login Request Time unit field, for which the consumer waits for the login request to be received before the request times out. This value works in with the Login Request Time unit field value. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. | |

Reviewer: Same comment. I think this is the last one, but I'll stop commenting.

| Opportunity Name a| String | Name of the opportunity to create. If no name is specified, then this value defaults to the company name of the lead. The maximum length of this field is 80 characters. If
doNotCreateOpportunity argument is true, then no Opportunity is created and this field must be left blank; otherwise, an error is returned. |  |
| Do Not Create Opportunity a| Boolean | Specifies whether to create an Opportunity during lead conversion (false, the default) or not (true). Set this flag to true only if you do not want to create an opportunity
from the lead. An opportunity is created by default. | false |
| Over Write Lead Source a| Boolean | Specifies whether to overwrite the LeadSource field on the target Contact object with the contents of the LeadSource field in the source Lead object (true), or not (false,
the default). To set this field to true, the client application must specify a contactId for the target contact. | false |
| Opportunity Id a| String | The ID of an existing opportunity to relate to a lead during lead conversion. |  |
| Owner Id a| String | Name associated with the owner ID that owns this lead |  |

> | Related Person Account Id a| String | When converting a lead to a business account and an existing person account, this value specifies the ID of the person account. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Related Person Account Id a| String | When converting a lead to a business account for an existing person account, this value specifies the ID of the person account. |  |
```

Reviewer: ?

Reviewer: Same ? for line 4405

Author: I think it is correct as is even though it seems funny.
